As a user, I need to be able to log in.    - Klar

As a user, I need to be able to log out.  -  Klar

As a user, I need to be able to request registration as a patient.  




As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to give admins the permission to handle the permission system, in fine granularity.

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to assign admins to certain regions.

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to give admins the permission to handle registrations.

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to give admins the permission to add locations.

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to give admins the permission to create accounts for personnel. - Klar

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to give admins the permission to view a list of who has permission to what. -Klar 

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to add locations.

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to accept user registration as patients.

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to deny user registration as patients.

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to create accounts for personnel. - Klar

As an admin with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to view a list of who has permission to what. - Klar




As personnel with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to view a patients journal entries. 

As personnel with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to mark journal entries with different levels of read permissions.

As personnel with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to register appointments.   -Klar

As personnel with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to modify appointments.     -

As personnel with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to approve appointment requests.    

As personnel with sufficient permissions, I need to be able to view the schedule of a location.




As a patient, I need to be able to view my own journal.     

As a patient, I need to be able to request an appointment.

As a logged in user, I need to be able to view my schedule

